[doc] Update "Merging pull requests" (#6825)
pmd/pmd: docs/pages/pmd/projectdocs/committers/merging_pull_requests.md

6.  On the PR page, wait until the "Squash and Merge" button turns green, then press it.

## Example 2: Merging PR #124 into a maintenance branch

Every change should go into main first.
But in the rare case a fix needs to be made in an older version as well, we need to backport it.

### Creating a maintenance branch

For older versions, we use maintenance branches, like `pmd/7.26.x`. If there is no maintenance branch for
the specific version, then we'll have to create it first. Let's say, we want a maintenance branch for
PMD version 7.26.0, so that we can create a bugfix release 7.26.1.

1.  Make sure your checkout is in a clean state, that is, the output of

    ```
    git status
    ```
   
    ends with `nothing to commit, working tree clean`.

2.  Create a new branch off of the release tag:

    ```
    git branch pmd/7.26.x pmd_releases/7.26.0 && git checkout pmd/7.26.x
    ```

3.  Now we'll need to adjust the version, since it's currently the same as the release version.
    We'll change the version to the next patch version: "7.26.1-SNAPSHOT".

    ```
    ./mvnw versions:set -DnewVersion=7.26.1-SNAPSHOT
    git add pom.xml \*/pom.xml pmd-scala-modules/\*/pom.xml

>     git commit -m "Prepare next version 7.26.1-SNAPSHOT"

Reviewer: Since we have ensured, we have a clean working tree, it should be possible to combine these two:

```suggestion
    git commit -a -m "Prepare next version 7.26.1-SNAPSHOT"
```

    git push
    ```

### Backporting the changes from the PR

1.  Switch to the branch we created above, fetch recent changes:

    ```
    git checkout pmd/7.26.x
    git pull
    ```

> 2.  Fetch the PR and rebase it onto the maintenance branch:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2.  Cherrypick the already merged PR from main branch into the maintenance branch:
```

We wouldn't rebase the PRs anymore...

I make the big assumption, that whatever we do, we do it first in the main branch and once the bug is fixed in the main branch, we start backporting... (either by cherrypicking or redo the bugfix from scratch if the main branch is too different due to refactoring).

Author: Valid assumption, I think. I was thinking the same thing when writing the new version, just missed that line.
